Okay, let the family members go out.
Do you still want to be alone?
Don’t worry, we have professional palace guards here.
What’s your name, kid?
My name is Tiantian.
Not every day. What disease are you talking about?
I have a fever in this school.
They said I had pneumonia.
It doesn't look like pneumonia when pressed.
Mom said let me cooperate with the injection here.
Then recover as soon as possible and go home as soon as possible.
Thank you, aunt.
Protect the palace and strike first.
First draw 600cc, it will be used for the game.
Looks like I'm about to perform
Six shots is too much. Hello, hello.
That doctor wouldn't let me in
This is some fruit I bought for my children
Could you please help me bring it down to the child?
He also asked Dr. Wang to give the child a lot of blood to write
do you know
Dr. Wang said that we need to conduct a comprehensive examination
But it's not serious
You can be discharged from the hospital in a week
As long as it's not serious
Then you are busy first
I'll leave first
to his child
The inspection won’t save you so much writing.